hi everyone so um today I wanted to show
you a technique for the bind off of this
pattern that I created and I call it the
leaf lace pattern because as you can see
I put a dark background on purpose so
then you know you have a bit better view
it makes those leaves those very pretty
leaves and I created this pattern
because I wanted to match some gloves
that I made some time ago that I found
beautiful they're like fingerless gloves
and I really love them so I wanted to
match them and this is why I started
making this this scarf however I want to
explain how to make those little things
on the side like this so on the pattern
they show up like this and each of this
little triangle with like a 1 in there
is actually a symbol that says that this
is a bind off so this our 3 bind offs
and this is on the right side and these
are three other bind ups and these are
them on the wrong side so let's start
first with this one so then you can see
how this is done so this is going to be
3 bind off one yarn over and then a knit
so this is how to proceed
you have your scarf on the right side
and you're going to knit the first one
knit 1 knit 2 then you're going to pass
over the previous one knit
past that would be to bind off knit
Passover that would be three bind off
and then we have a yarn over and in it
so that would be on the right side when
you want to bind off and I'm going to
show you now how to do the binding off
on the wrong side okay so now I'm
officially on the wrong side and I've
done everything that I needed to do and
so I am at this point now so this is the
wrong side so I'm going to have to bind
off three and then knit one and then
pull four so let's do this so again you
do this as knitting so you knit one and
then two and then you bind off one knit
pass over to bind off that would be to
knit pass over to bind off and that
would be three and then I knit one and
purl and that's all you need to know and
then I think the directions are fairly
straightforward so I hope that you'll
enjoy it this is the back by the way so
it's as pretty as the font which is not
very common with lace but in this case
it worked beautifully so enjoy